# Reddit-Nemesis: Automatizing Rage-Baiting

> [!WARNING]
> This project utilizes an AI model that generates text based on input data. While the model is designed to assist in generating useful and informative content, it may, under certain conditions, produce politically incorrect, offensive, or inappropriate text.
> By using this AI model, you acknowledge the following:
> - The generated text may not always reflect socially or politically acceptable norms.
> - You are responsible for reviewing, moderating, and ensuring the appropriateness of the generated content before use.
> - The developers of this project are not liable for any consequences resulting from the use or distribution of any content generated by this model.
> Use this tool responsibly and ensure that the content generated aligns with your ethical standards and legal requirements.

## Index
1. [Overview](#overview)
2. [Features](#features)
3. [Installation](#installation)
4. [Configuration](#configuration)
5. [Usage](#usage)
6. [Models](#models)
7. [License](#license)
8. [Contact](#contact)

---

## Overview
Reddit-Nemesis is an AI-powered Reddit bot that scrapes through subreddits, finds posts, and leaves pseudo-friendly comment contraring every single point on the original post. This project is the evil-version of my other project: [reddit-omni](https://github.com/diegovelilla/reddit-omni), which automatizes question-answering on reddit posts.

## Features
- Promoting social interaction
- Automatizing debate
- Relieving others who take their angers on the bot
- Resurrecting dead subreddits

## Installation
To install Reddit-Nemesis, follow these steps:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/diegovelilla/reddit-nemesis
   cd reddit-nemesis
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

## Configuration:
Set up your API keys in the **.env** file inside the config model:

    GROQ_API_KEY="your_api_key_here"
    CLIENT_ID="your_api_key_here"
    CLIENT_SECRET="your_api_key_here"
    SERPER_API_KEY="your_api_key_here"
    USERNAME="your_reddit_username"
    PASSWORD="your_reddit_password_here"
If you just want to try it and not actually leave a comment, you can leave **USERNAME** and **PASSWORD** as it is, since scrapping reddit does not require to log in.
## Usage:
To use Reddit-Nemesis just run the following command:
```bash
python3 -m app
```


## Models
The models used for this project are:

- [Llama 3.1 70B](https://console.groq.com/docs/models) - Groq.

## License
This project is licensed under the **Apache 2.0 License**. See the [LICENSE](https://github.com/diegovelilla/FreeThinker/blob/main/LICENSE) file for more details.
This software is provided "as-is," without any express or implied warranty. In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this software.

## Contact
For any questions or feedback please reach out to:

- **Email**: [diegovelillarecio@gmail.com](mailto:diegovelillarecio@gmail.com)
- **GitHub Profile**: [diegovelilla](https://github.com/diegovelilla)
- **Hugging Face Profile**: [diegovelilla](https://huggingface.co/diegovelilla)
- **LinkedIn**: [Diego Velilla Recio](https://www.linkedin.com/in/diego-velilla-recio/)

Feel free to open an issue on GitHub or contact me in any way if you have any queries or suggestions.
